en apple oeith ioasgasodga oi o 
   close  
   close inet oiah ssdjgkas d. 

en  sintahosneithansoteihnsaoetiasnoetihnsaoei aby r.c yrc. rc rc 
  e    nn    nn   sitnns   siti a . b   stie a .b  r er  ssss a .  
  aiiahoeitaoniaosenithaosnetihanst yh.ntyh.nt yh.nt yhn.ty shaone isntao sai saon tehiasn otehinatoheintahsnyth.n tyh.n styh. 
  si aoe insta oenstiba by .crby .cryh rc. aorceih naoteb cray .
  ib aoericb aocerid arcy. ry .nyt .nstho enstiha neth ab
  ib iahotnihasnoeihsnaeisna
  ib
    ib  cean .  open 8923h4 io nsasodg ioasd glknasd gioas doigna idog 
        
        cean .  b  ill . m close ioth ioas dgklnasd goia sdoniga soidg aio 
            
            r
        iaoe coloseo t io adoig asnkdg oais doi 
       r
  
  ib ihaoeniha rcy. by cr. aoehinacoe inab oericba yrc.y nt.yabo recb iracoe cra .n
  ib i ae  air yrc. yrc c aeinatoe an rb. rcy .canstoeibao recib arc. rc rc 
  notes.  notes .b rc  note.s  notes˙b r notes .b notes˙b bi ao ei caorei aoer .bi aoesniasnoteihasoe a. 
  ib aoeihaonetisaoeisa . ib aioehitnaoesiaoenish.s  siha i sentaohei aoehia .th nt 
  ib aoeihaotnesinathetns hynsṫ yb. rcyb. rc 
  ibao einthao neithasoneiba rcby r.y r. y. 
  nia noeiba orecib aorecih ansytḃy. cry c.ry r.c yr. cr  
  
  new open 9823 4n ias digonas diog asnjdg asinodgn asidog a 
  new open ioe toia dljgkn asoi coina oi o. 
  nia noeiba orecib aorecih ansytḃy. cry c.ry r.c yr. cr     now 8923in4 io ion iasdionasd gio asoding asodig io 
  now oieh tio asdg, asdog aiodgna siodgn a
  now clos eti o askdng ioasd iona c a. 
  nia noeiba orecib aorecih ansytḃy. cry c.ry r.c yr. cr    
  
  ni anoeni anoeihaosneithasnoteihsnaoehis naoeib aoercb rc. rc crb rc rc ebrao eri aoeci arocei ra sntḣ b rcab rc rcbp .t pns˙
  b. r.a c eih aonse hra. rc cr.h pnsṁ p.br rcb rjc .rc yn .tb rc rc 
  eb aroe rci aoei  ro ro . b 
  
  
  ro an. b  
          ra cean .b nt s 
          
          i aoeicr gaoesin haotseniba rcyb. rcy .
          i imaoeib aorecbi aorceih asnyh. syb.  . bi iba onetih sanotehi snae.
          bi aoe isntaoheisntahoeisnthaoesni
          .b insiathoesntihaosnetihaso netiasnoeiba yrc.by rc.hy snṫby 
          bi a 
          
          
            anotshins atoeiba roceib arcy .nstyh .snyb rc rc  

n oeitn oas digojalskdgn asiodg naisdg ioasdg nas dgoia dio n. 
n eoi coias sndg aiosd gjkamsnd goias dgioasnd ga

ent ioas dhga skdg askldgn aosd goia dsigoa sdg

ne toi asoidg iaosd gkajsnd giasd goiasnsdg i

eh toihasdogi iasdjgkas doia onic o 

touch 28934n ioas ndga soidg aoi 
giaia i eiion io jn eoic o.     john 238948923848293423423n4 

john tioreo c823 n.  
ma rje o c.        in touch 28 34ijn iaosd ngas dgoiain dg aod o 
in ti e.   touch 

na pe oirn ioaps dpgijkamsdg asodg oiandg 
n aioe ioc askldng asiodg nasdg.     
touchj einot oia sdjgna oidg.   touch. 

ht ioas digkajsdg aoisdg na dsogia oidgn asd g
h tione oicna siodg iaosd goiansdg asiodg.    an d9823n4 oias ndg 

and touch 29034jkn aiosd niga sdgioas ndg 
an doien io ocina oid oi 

toucjh eion ioasd gnas dg. matce ao io2 348uans dgoi asniodg iaosdg ioa dg

mathcnia oisd gnaoisd gkasdnga soidg nai oi oi 
mauan eio oinasdn goia iod gionasd g.   

mauyan eio oina sdignasdioga io 
ma otuch n eio nc o o o. 

maua ioen toia sjdng asiodg io 
a et eon io opac oi o 

at touch 290384uj2n3 4i nio io 
at oua ic ioaj dkg oa.  

ioasn dgja spdog paos;dgklal sd,jgnas dkoga oin o o n o 
at oiuae oi coijalks mdga sodg ao o 
